Bluetooth Quick Connect by bjarosze
Allow to connect to paired devices from gnome control panel.

Clipboard Indicator by Tudmotu
Clipboard Manager extension for Gnome-Shell - Adds a clipboard indicator to the top panel, and caches clipboard history.

Cosmic Dock
Rozszerzenie systemowe
A dock for the Gnome Shell, default Pop!_OS experience. This extension is a modified version of Dash To Dock with different defaults. Dash To Dock can be installed to replace it and give more (but unsupported) configuration options.

Cosmic Workspaces
Rozszerzenie systemowe
Bringing back vertically stacked workspaces

Desktop Icons NG (DING) by rastersoft
Rozszerzenie systemowe
Adds icons to the desktop. Fork of the original Desktop Icons extension, with several enhancements .

Freon by UshakovVasilii
Shows CPU temperature, disk temperature, video card temperature (NVIDIA/Catalyst/Bumblebee&NVIDIA), voltage and fan RPM (forked from xtranophilist/gnome-shell-extension-sensors)

Fullscreen Avoider by Noobsai
Moves the top panel to the secondary monitor if the primary is in fullscreen

GSConnect by dlandau
GSConnect is a complete implementation of KDE Connect especially for GNOME Shell with Nautilus, Chrome and Firefox integration. It does not rely on the KDE Connect desktop application and will not work with it installed.

Lock Keys by kazimieras.vaina
Numlock & Capslock status on the panel. Gnome version 3.30 and earlier users please install 44 version of the extension https://extensions.gnome.org/download-extension/lockkeys%40vaina.lt.shell-extension.zip?version_tag=26229

OpenWeather by skrewball
Display weather information for any location on Earth in the GNOME Shell

Pop COSMIC
Rozszerzenie systemowe
Computer Operating System Main Interface Components

Pop Shell
Rozszerzenie systemowe
Pop Shell

Screenshot Tool by oal
Conveniently create, copy, store and upload screenshots. Please log out and log in again after updating.

System76 Power
Rozszerzenie systemowe
System76 Power Management

Ubuntu AppIndicators by didrocks
Rozszerzenie systemowe
This a mock extension. It does nothing if installed from extensions.gnome.org. Please use KStatusNotifierItem/AppIndicator Support which provides the same functionalities. This name is used to protect and reserve the name for ubuntu appindicator, available as a system extension on ubuntu. This allow us to not trump updates outside of our QA process via an external upload.

Vitals by corecoding
A glimpse into your computer's temperature, voltage, fan speed, memory usage, processor load, system resources, network speed and storage stats. This is a one stop shop to monitor all of your vital sensors. Uses asynchronous polling to provide a smooth user experience. Feature requests or bugs? Please use GitHub.
